README.md, before:

# .github

This repo contains the Vermeer profile markdown and GitHub Actions workflow templates.

## Workflow Templates

To use these templates, see [Using starter workflows](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/using-starter-workflows#using-starter-workflows) in the GitHub Actions documentation.

---

### .NET On-Premises CI/CD

<img src="./workflow-templates/net.svg" title=".NET On-Premises CI/CD" alt=".NET On-Premises CI/CD" width="64"/>

Per-environment template for building and deploying .NET Core applications on-premises using GitHub Actions.

**Use of this template requires the use of the _Deploy On-Premises IIS_ template.**

---

### Vue.js On-Premises CI/CD

<img src="./workflow-templates/vue.svg" title="Vue.js On-Premises CI/CD" alt="Vue.js On-Premises CI/CD" width="64"/>

Per-environment template for building and deploying Vue.js applications on-premises using GitHub Actions.

**Use of this template requires the use of the _Deploy On-Premises IIS_ template.**

---

### Deploy On-Premises IIS

<img src="./workflow-templates/web-server.svg" title="Deploy On-Premises IIS" alt="VDeploy On-Premises IIS" width="64"/>

Deploy the specified artifact to an on-premises IIS and replace secrets in specified config files.

---

### GitLeaks Secret Scan

<img src="./workflow-templates/gitleaks.svg" title="GitLeaks Secret Scan" alt="GitLeaks Secret Scan" width="64"/>

Detect passwords, API keys, private keys, and other secrets that have been committed to the codebase.

---

### .NET NuGet CI/CD to GitHub Packages

<img src="./workflow-templates/nuget.svg" title=".NET NuGet CI/CD to GitHub Packages" alt=".NET NuGet CI/CD to GitHub Packages" width="64"/>

CI/CD template for building, testing, and publishing NuGet packages to GitHub Packages.

Commit message:

Sonarqube workflows (#14)
* added sonarqube icon

* added SonarQube

* added horizontal line after SonarQube description

* Create sonarqube-other.yml

* Create sonarqube-maven.yml

* Create sonarqube-gradle.yml

* added link to sonar docs

* removed TODO because it is not relevant anymore

* Create sonarqube-other.properties.json

* Create sonarqube-maven.properties.json

* Create sonarqube-gradle.properties.json

* Rename SonarQube.svg to sonarqube.svg

README.md, after:

# .github

This repo contains the Vermeer profile markdown and GitHub Actions workflow templates.

## Workflow Templates

To use these templates, see [Using starter workflows](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/using-starter-workflows#using-starter-workflows) in the GitHub Actions documentation.

---

### .NET On-Premises CI/CD

<img src="./workflow-templates/net.svg" title=".NET On-Premises CI/CD" alt=".NET On-Premises CI/CD" width="64"/>

Per-environment template for building and deploying .NET Core applications on-premises using GitHub Actions.

**Use of this template requires the use of the _Deploy On-Premises IIS_ template.**

---

### Vue.js On-Premises CI/CD

<img src="./workflow-templates/vue.svg" title="Vue.js On-Premises CI/CD" alt="Vue.js On-Premises CI/CD" width="64"/>

Per-environment template for building and deploying Vue.js applications on-premises using GitHub Actions.

**Use of this template requires the use of the _Deploy On-Premises IIS_ template.**

---

### Deploy On-Premises IIS

<img src="./workflow-templates/web-server.svg" title="Deploy On-Premises IIS" alt="VDeploy On-Premises IIS" width="64"/>

Deploy the specified artifact to an on-premises IIS and replace secrets in specified config files.

---

### GitLeaks Secret Scan

<img src="./workflow-templates/gitleaks.svg" title="GitLeaks Secret Scan" alt="GitLeaks Secret Scan" width="64"/>

Detect passwords, API keys, private keys, and other secrets that have been committed to the codebase.

---

### SonarQube SAST Scan

<img src="./workflow-templates/SonarQube.svg" title="SonarQube SAST Scan" alt="SonarQube SAST Scan" width="64"/>

Statically analyze code to check for code smells, security issues, and other potential problems. There are different versions of this template depending on the project's programming language.

---

### .NET NuGet CI/CD to GitHub Packages

<img src="./workflow-templates/nuget.svg" title=".NET NuGet CI/CD to GitHub Packages" alt=".NET NuGet CI/CD to GitHub Packages" width="64"/>

CI/CD template for building, testing, and publishing NuGet packages to GitHub Packages.
